>> Nina Zakharenko: To add and
remove from sets,
there are just a few methods
that we should look at.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Say I
have some colors here,
red, green, blue.
To add to my set, I can call colors.add.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Let's take a look,
we'll see that our new value is in there.
>> Nina Zakharenko: You can
remove items with discard.
So colors.discard, and pass in the value
that you wanna discard from the set.
I don't like the color green anyway,
let's get rid of it.
>> Nina Zakharenko: You
can also use remove.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Like
we did with the list, but
what happened with the list if we tried
to remove an item that wasn't there?
Got an error, right?
The nice thing about set discard is that
if you call it with an item
that's not in the set, no error.
So occasionally that's pretty useful.
Just like with a list, we can call remove.
So let's take a quick look at our colors.
Call colors.remove on pink.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Okay, it's gone.
What happens if I try
to remove pink again?
Just like I did with the list.
>> Speaker 2: Just ignore it.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Or this time, because
I'm using remove I'm gonna get a key
error, that Pink is not in my set, okay?
So discard will get rid of
items in the set whether or
not they're present,
without complaining with an error.
Whereas remove will throw an error
if the item is not present.
So just two options,
and you might see both.
>> Nina Zakharenko: Let's take
a look at updating the set.
So,
>> Nina Zakharenko: If I have my set
of colors, let's say I have another set of
numbers
>> Nina Zakharenko: If I wanted to
combine these two sets,
I could say colors.update(numbers).
So kind of similar like what you
did with a list using extend.
And now,
>> Nina Zakharenko: Both sets
are combined.
One of the quirks here is this update
function, it expects a sequence.
And If you don't pass in what
you think to be a sequence,
let's say you pass in a string.
We're gonna see something
interesting here.
All of a sudden we have
characters in there, right?
It's cuz the string is
actually a sequence, and
the update method went well, I expected
a sequence, you passed me in a string,
which is a sequence under the hood.
I'm just gonna grab each individual
item from it and add it to the set.
Right?
It's probably not your intended result,
so it's something to look out for.